README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋

I'm **WilliamQiufeng**, a fresh year college student studying at Imperial College London.
I'm a **contributor** of [Quaver](https://quavergame.com/). I add exciting new features to the game :D  
I'm the creater of [caie-pseudocode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WilliamQiufeng.caie-pseudocode&ssr=false#overview), a program that can run **pseudocode** files following **CAIE** standard directly on the computer, in addition to basic **syntax highlighting** and **warnings and hints** in VSCode.  
I'm also working on an AI that can compete in [MadPodRacing](https://www.codingame.com/multiplayer/bot-programming/mad-pod-racing). It's presently not public, but eventually it will once it's ready.  
I also developed a beatmap editor software for a rhythm game called [Siglota](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV14M411t7st/?share_source=copy_web&vd_source=a886ddc0713514782507a346a7bad91d).

## How to reach me
You can reach to me through my [school email](mailto:wy924@ic.ac.uk).

## CV
My CV is [here](Yuheng%20Ye%20CV.pdf).

<!--
**QiuFeng54321/Qiufeng54321** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with updated year, new internship and contact info
Updated personal information and added a personal email contact.

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋

I'm **WilliamQiufeng**, a second year college student studying at Imperial College London.
I had my first year summer internship proudly at Huawei Cambridge Research Centre, where I worked on compilers to optimise performance of database, and also improved and contributed to Protobuf.
I'm a **contributor** of [Quaver](https://quavergame.com/). I add exciting new features to the game :D  
I'm the creater of [caie-pseudocode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WilliamQiufeng.caie-pseudocode&ssr=false#overview), a program that can run **pseudocode** files following **CAIE** standard directly on the computer, in addition to basic **syntax highlighting** and **warnings and hints** in VSCode.  
I'm also working on an AI that can compete in [MadPodRacing](https://www.codingame.com/multiplayer/bot-programming/mad-pod-racing). It's presently not public, but eventually it will once it's ready.  
I also developed a beatmap editor software for a rhythm game called [Siglota](https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV14M411t7st/?share_source=copy_web&vd_source=a886ddc0713514782507a346a7bad91d).

## How to reach me
You can reach to me through my [school email](mailto:wy924@ic.ac.uk) or my [personal email](mailto:williamqiufeng@outlook.com).

## CV
My CV is [here](Yuheng%20Ye%20CV.pdf).

<!--
**QiuFeng54321/Qiufeng54321** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
